Mystique

What dishes are completely Gluten Free (GF) as is?

S+P Calamari
Dashi Wild Mushrooms
Miso Soup
Hot & Sour Soup
Steamed Edamame

Almost all the sashimi (not eel and roe)

NY Strip Robata
Chicken Wing Robata
Chicken Skin  Robata

A5 Wagyu 
Tomahawk Wagyu

Ora King Salmon
Miso Soy Cod




What dishes are Possibly Gluten Free (PGF) with slight modifications?

Shishito Peppers w/o the Eggplant Miso
Avocado Salad w/o the Spicy Aioli
Endive Salad w/o the Tofu

Smoked Pork Belly w/o the Su Miso Mustard
Scallop Robata w/o the Smoked Tomato Ponzu and Kizami Wasabi
Tiger Prawn Robata w/o the Momiji Oroshi Aioli
Charred Cauliflower w/o the Curry Aioli
Avocado Bomb w/o the Sudachi Aioli

Tuna Tartare w/o the Orange and Wasabi Tobikko

Vegetable Maki w/o the Yuzu Kosho Aioli

Pork Shoulder w/o the Kabayaki Glaze
Dirty Duck Fried Rice w/o the XO Sauce
Singapore Street Noodles w/o the XO Sauce


Duck Meatballs? 
 
Smoked Tonkatsu Short Rib? ASK CHEF. I don't think so

Wagyu Ishiyaki? Probably not because the sweet sesame ponzu contains white soy and mirin.  However it is on the side.  And I'm not sure what type of vinegar or other ingredients are in the Japanese pickles (shibazuke, takuan, yamagobo)Tonkatsu Short Rib?
Wagyu Ishiyaki?






What dishes are completely Soy Free (SF) as is?





What dishes are Possibly Soy Free (PSF) with slight modifications?



What dishes are completely Sesame Free as is?





What dishes are Possibly Sesame Free with slight modifications?






What dishes are completely Vegetarian (Veg) as is?




What dishes are possibly Vegetarian (Veg) with slight modifications?




What dishes are Vegan or possibly Vegan?







What is Tonkatsu Sauce?

Tonkatsu sauce is a thick Japanese Worcestershire-type sauce. Ours contains: hoisin, oyster sauce, ketchup, brown sugar, karashi mustard, lemon juice and horseradish.



What is Oyster Sauce?

Traditionally, oyster sauce is made by slowly simmering oysters in water until the juices caramelize into a thick, brown, intensely flavorful sauce. Today, many shortcuts have been made to create a similar flavor more quickly and for less money. Oyster sauces today are usually made with a base of sugar and salt and thickened with corn starch. Oyster extracts or essences are then used to give flavor to the base sauce. Other ingredients, such as soy sauce and MSG may also be added to deepen the flavor and add color. The quality of the oyster sauce will greatly affect the flavor.



What is Hoisin Sauce?

Hoisin sauce is made from a combination of fermented soybean paste, garlic, vinegar, sesame oil, chiles, and sweetener. mn The ingredients in the popular Lee Kum Kee brand include sugar, water, fermented soybean paste (contains wheat flour), salt, sweet potato powder, modified cornstarch, sesame paste, garlic, chili peppers, and spices.



What is Szechuan Sauce?

Tamari Soy Sauce, Sake, Water, Apple Cider Vinegar, Honey, Spices, Sugar, Rice Vinegar, Garlic Puree, Ginger Puree, Sesame, Canola Oil, Plum Juice, Arrowroot, Xanthan Gum, Garlic Powder.



What is Togarashi? (Sesame Allergy)

Technically togarashi is a small, hot red Japanese chili available both fresh and dried, but its most popular use is as part of a traditional spice mix that commonly comprises seaweed, orange zest, ginger, sesame seeds, and chile powder. Though “spice mix” may call to mind Chinese five-spice or curry powder, togarashi, sometimes called ichimi, is often used as a finishing spice. 


What is Tamarind?

It is a tropical fruit that grows out of a pod and has a variety of uses.  It's flavor can be compared to a tangy plum.  When it is green, it is more sour, and when ripe it is sweeter.  


What is Tare? Does it contain Gluten?

Chicken Bones, wings and feet steeped in sake, mirin, sugar, soy for 6 hours and then strained.  It is a thick, sweet, smokey, glaze used for a lot of the robata.  It is gluten free.

Do we shake martinis and manhattans? No.

