Hello, and welcome to Mystique!  How are you this evening? I'm DT and I'll be taking care of you tonight.  May I offer you Saratoga sparkling, Fiji still or regular house filtered water? Excellent, I'll be right back.

Before I talk about the menu this evening, do you have any allergies or dietary restrictions? Are they contact Only? (Make sure to use the Yellow Allergy Form for Chef.)

Great, let's talk about beverages:

Feature:

Witch's Brew (Bacardi Mango, KO Peach, KO Orange, Triple Sec, Blood Orange, LeJay Cassis, NOT GF)
Pink Paloma (Tequila, Grapefruit, Agave, Soda, $2 of which go to the Dana Farber Breast Cancer Research)
Sake
Wine
Gluten Allergy: Tito's/Ciroc are ok for a gluten allergy.

Food:

1. Today's Features (Dan Dan Noodles, Wagyu Katzu Sando)
2. Recommend sharing 
3. Explain the Free Flowing Kitchen
4. Speed of appetizers, raw dishes, robata and sushi
5. Ordering omakase and large format items earlier
6. Quantities of Sashimi and Nigiri
7. Highlight a dish in each section

Upselling Wagyu

Market Price of the Lobster Tempura?
86'd Items: Sa Cha Hot Pot Beef, Mentaiko Carbonara. Different accompaniments to the Salmon Entree.


Make sure to offer the After Dinner/Spirit list and offer tea and coffee with Dessert. Know the tea list and coffee list. Know the flavors of the Mochi of the Day.  











Short List of Gluten Free Items:

S+P Calamari
Dashi Wild Mushrooms
Steamed Edamame - w/o aioli

Miso Soup
Hot & Sour Soup
Steamed Edamame
Avocado Salad w/o Aioli

Most of the Robata w/o the aioli
Most of the Sashimi
Tuna Tartar (w/o tobikko)

A5 NY Strip
Dry Aged Tomahawk

Ora King Salmon
Miso Soy Cod
Pork Shoulder Steak w/o the Kabayaki Sauce



Long list of Gluten Free items:

S+P Calamari
Steamed Edamame - no yuzu aioli
Dashi Wild Mushooms
Blistered Shishito Peppers withou the eggplant miso

Miso Soup
Hot & Sour Soup
Avocado Salad without the Spicy Aioli
Endive Salad without the Tofu

Chicken Wing Robata
Beef NY Strip Robata
Smoked Pork Belly Robata w/o the Su Miso Mustard
Scallop Robata w/o the Smoked Tomato Ponzu and Kizami Wasabi
Tiger Prawn Robata w/o the Momiji Oroshi Aioli
Chicken Skin Robata
Charred Cauliflower w/o the Curry Aioli
Avocado Bomb w/o the Sudachi Aioli
Duck Meatballs?

Tuna Tartare w/o the orange and wasabi tobikko

Vegetable Maki (modified w/o the yuzu kosho aioli.  The Soy paper is most likely gluten free according to Google)
All Sashimi (except Unagi and Roe.  Tamago?)

Smoked Tonkatsu Short Rib? ASK CHEF. I don't think so
Wagyu Ishiyaki? Probably not because the sweet sesame ponzu contains white soy and mirin.  However it is on the side.  And I'm not sure what type of vinegar or other ingredients are in the Japanese pickles (shibazuke, takuan, yamagobo)

A5 NY Strip
Dry Aged Tomahawk

Ora King Salmon
Miso Soy Cod
Pork Shoulder Steak w/o the Kabayaki Sauce which contains mirin. The vegetables?

Dirty Duck (w/o the XO)
Singapore Street Noodles (w/o the XO)









